representing Canada Isabelle brass Euler
Lloyd Eisler they are fourth after the
original program and they had a terrific
original program wonderfully all week
and they do so after only a third place
finish in the Canadian Nationals
their next move a triple twist my party
Haven great thought she gets enormous
height they'll lift her into the air
show splinted to rotate three times look
at the height of this move beautifully
done
throughout triple salchow
you can sense the confidence growing all
week and each practice that is felt
better and better
side by side double axles coming up if
there's a problem it's going to be here
white ice where is a veteran skater in
pairs for the Canadian team he finished
third in the world's 85 with a different
partner
he's from Ontario and Isabel from Quebec
so they did not share a language in
common he moved to Quebec when they were
paired together and he is learning
French she's learning English they
communicate quite well
their next move is hazardous while we
can throw triple toe loop if they get
past this
while it was a year ago that Sydney
Lantry and women Johnston surprised
everyone
and now you can sense the crowd really
urging them on
watch the sensor on the front pivot the
only wants to do this
one more move left